chore(docs): add documentation to GitHub Scraper defining PAT permissions (#468)
liatrio/liatrio-otel-collector: receiver/gitproviderreceiver/README.md

            exporters: [...]
```

### Github PAT basic permissions

> * repo:All

Reviewer: Shouldn't it just be `repo:read` or `read:repo`? There's nothing in here that writes to GitHub as all calls are read only.

* read:packages
* read:org
* read:user
* read:enterprise
* read:project
* read:security

The queries under the hood are all read queries, there is no write. They read repos, orgs, branches, commits, metadata, issues, pull requests, and GHAS security events.

> It is recommend to use the [GitHub App Authentication Extension](https://github.com/liatrio/liatrio-otel-collector/tree/main/extension/githubappauthextension) for authentication because GitHub Apps use OAUTH and are more secure, locks down permissions better, and increases rate limits.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommend to use the [GitHub App Authentication Extension](https://github.com/liatrio/liatrio-otel-collector/tree/main/extension/githubappauthextension) for authentication. GitHub Apps offer better security through OAUTH, provide more granular control over permissions, and increase rate limits.
```
